alright so we're just a few days out you
had a slight hiccup after mercy but how
do you feel right now I feel I feel
totally fun I am I'm excited for the
season to start obviously everyone so
hyped up with and I'm one but it's
pretty cool the more I've done it the
more like less anxious i get and just
more excited to go race and I think that
eases the tension a lot you know and say
four or five years ago I would be so
nervous and have to get a certain
position and this and that where no I
just really enjoy it I enjoy my family's
coming out this week for the race oh I
get to enjoy that first time I've had my
daughter you know so that's pretty cool
she's going to get to come to the race
and just a lot of exciting stuff and you
know that's actually one of my goals
this year is just to really enjoy each
and every race and you know win lose or
whatever I get just go there with with
my best effort and enjoy it now that
we're so close to the gate drop do you
change your program at all you taper
back and rest or do you just still
attack it the way you have all year now
for sure you type her back a little bit
i mean the months of like the end of
october november are really just a lot
of volume a lot of workload tour now you
for sure manage it and you know my
daughter 60 then my wife got sick then I
got sick and it's just kind of been
lingering so we've had to manage that a
little bit which is part of it that's
stuff like that I would have stressed
about you know years ago or now just
kind of roll with it and you know
Saturday morning wake up with my best
game and go there and have a little fun
bikes all new I'm sure you guys have a
little bit of time on it before we saw
the bike how does it feel compared to
the bike that you raised it say monster
coven and straight rhythm and end in
Europe
you know some similarities but the
majority of the feel is is totally
different the engine package feels
pretty similar which is awesome because
I've always really liked the KTM power
but for sure handling and the way the
bike feels is really maneuverable and
you can kind of put it wherever you want
it so that's pretty cool yeah just been
been doing some testing it's a new bike
for everybody so we've all been learning
and I think we have a great package to
start the year and we'll see after the
first couple rounds maybe reassess what
we have but I believe we will be will be
definitely real real competitive at this
weekend granted you don't want to put
additional pressure on yourself and you
said that you go into this weekend a
little bit calmer than you have in the
past but looking at your results last
year and knowing how fast you've gone do
you have higher expectations than ever
or is it just go do Moto's I think
there's always expectations you know
from myself and team and all that but
honestly the one the one thing I haven't
done in my career is is winter s and
that's that's just the reality of it and
that's what I want to do you know not to
go out there every weekend and say I'm
going to win every single race but you
know I've gotten top five in the points
several times and that really doesn't
mean that much to me it's to go out and
get a win this year whether it's round
one around 17 I don't care when it comes
but it I really want it to come in and
so that's that's the big picture so yeah
every time we line up for sure you
expect to win and I don't know if I've
actually expected that before I felt
like you know if you guys kind of always
have my number but a couple of them are
are out and I think there's there's
blood in the water i think everyone says
it so there's gonna be a lot of people
going for it and and i'll be one of them
whether this week's been a little
different than typical California it's
kind of cold tracks really wet and
rutted I mean this is perfect storm for
a Midwest guy like you yeah I love it
the more ruts the better for me but I've
gotten used to the dry too it's funny
when I first moved to California I was
terrible in the drive slick stuff and
Frances Phoenix last year I mean if that
was six or seven years ago I may not be
off the back so I've gotten better at it
and I've ridden less ruddy tracks so and
then even last year there wasn't that
many races with a lot of ruts so I think
the more the better I just it's nice to
have a dry Anaheim one for sure that
there's been a couple mutters and it's
just nice to keep all your fresh beer
clean and keep your bike clean and go
out there and may the best man win in
good conditions and it looks like that's
what we're going to have so should be a
fun time